Go Won: I'm treading on foreign soil~
Chuu: That foreign street!
Olivia Hye: And this moderate weather!
Chuu: Right, The weather is fine. Feels like Spring or Autumn~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/yyxy - dal segno"
(The location for their photo shooting is near a school!)
(And the kids came just next to the photo shoot location!)
Yves: PRETTY!
Yves: BEAUTIFUL!
(And the kids tell Yves that 'You are beautiful')
Yves: Kids... so cute~
Yves: How old are you?
(Kids are 10 years old)
(Yves is 12 years older than the kids!)
Yves: I'm 22!
(Meanwhile, Go Won was told that the kids said 'she is pretty')
Go Won: Hahaha~
Go Won: (Suspicious) It's a lie! I know!
Go Won: How did you understand their language?
(After making good memories with the kids, they're moving on to the next location!)